update concepts/policy section (#40969)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/policy/_index.md

Reviewer: Please [use sentence case for headings](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#headings).

Details on admission controllers, with the complete list of available admission controllers, are documented in a dedicated section:

* [Admission Controllers](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/)

## Apply policies using ValidatingAdmissionPolicy

Validating admission policies allow configurable validation checks to be executed in the API server using the Common Expression Language (CEL). For example, a `ValidatingAdmissionPolicy` can be used to disallow use of the `latest` image tag.

A `ValidatingAdmissionPolicy` operates on an API request and can be used to block, audit, and warn users about non-compliant configurations.

Details on the `ValidatingAdmissionPolicy` API, with examples, are documented in a dedicated section:
* [Validating Admission Policy](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy/)

## Apply policies using dynamic admission control

Dynamic admission controllers (or admission webhooks) run outside the API server as separate applications that register to receive webhooks requests to perform validation or mutation of API requests. 

> Dynamic admission controllers can be used to apply policies on API requests and trigger other policy-based workflows. A dynamic admission controller can perform complex checks including those that require retrieval of other cluster resources and external data. For example, an image verification check can lookup data from OCI registries to validate the container image signatures and attestations.

Reviewer: nit: please wrap this at say 100 characters. Wrapping especially helps localization teams.

---
title: "Policies"
weight: 90
no_list: true
description: >

>   Policies you can configure that apply to groups of resources.

Reviewer: This now needs to change, as the section has a broader scope.

Author: updated.

---

<!-- overview -->

Kubernetes policies are configurations that manage other configurations or runtime behaviors. Kubernetes offers various forms of policies, described below:

<!-- body -->

## Apply Policies using API Objects

 Some API objects act as policies. Here are some examples:

>  * [Network Policies](/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/) can be used to restrict ingress and egress traffic for a workload.
>  * [Limit Ranges](/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/) manage resource allocation constraints acrosss different object kinds.
>  * [Resource Quotas](/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/) limit resource consumption for a namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [NetworkPolicies](/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/) can be used to restrict ingress and egress traffic for a workload.
 * [LimitRanges](/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/) manage resource allocation constraints across different object kinds.
 * [ResourceQuotas](/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/) limit resource consumption for a {{< glossary_tooltip text="namespace" term_id="namespace" >}}.
```

A complete reference of the Kubernetes API is available in a dedicated section:

> * [Kubernetes API](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/)

Reviewer: Aside: not needed here IMO.

Author: removed.

## Apply Policies using Admission Controllers

> An admission controller runs in the API server and can validate or mutate API requests. Some admission controllers act as policies. For example, the `AlwaysPullImages` admission controller modifies a new Pod to set the image pull policy to `Always`.

Reviewer: (aside / nit)
```suggestion
An {{< glossary_tooltip text="admission controllers" term_id="admission-controller" >}}
runs in the API server
and can validate or mutate API requests. Some admission controllers act to apply policies.
For example, the [AlwaysPullImages](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#alwayspullimages)
admission controller modifies a new Pod to set the image pull policy to `Always`.
```

> For example, the [AlwaysPullImages](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#alwayspullimages)

Reviewer 2: Needs relative link.

Kubernetes has several built-in admission controllers that are configurable via the API server `--enable-admission-plugins` flag.

Details on admission controllers, with the complete list of available admission controllers, are documented in a dedicated section:

* [Admission Controllers](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/)

## Apply Policies using Validating Admission Policy

Validating admission policies allow configurable validation checks to be executed in the API server using the Common Expression Language (CEL). For example, a `ValidatingAdmissionPolicy` can be used to disallow use of the `latest` image tag.

A `ValidatingAdmissionPolicy` operates on an API request and can be used to block, audit, and warn users about non-compliant configurations.

> Details on the `ValidatingAdmissionPolicy`, with examples, are documented in a dedicated section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details on the `ValidatingAdmissionPolicy` API, with examples, are documented in a dedicated section:
```

* [Validating Admission Policy](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy/)

## Apply Policies using Dynamic Admission Control

Dynamic admission controllers (or admission webhooks) run outside the API server as separate applications that register to receive webhooks requests to perform validation or mutation of API requests. 

Dynamic admission controllers can be used to apply policies on API requests and trigger other policy-based workflows. A dynamic admission controller can perform complex checks including those that require retrieval of other cluster resources and external data. For example, an image verification check can lookup data from OCI registries to validate the container image signatures and attestations.

> Details on the dynamic admission controller are documented in a dedicated section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details on dynamic admission control are documented in a dedicated section:
```

* [Dynamic Admission Control](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/)

> ### Implementations

Reviewer: Avoid future overlaps:
```suggestion
### Implementations {#implementations-admission-control}
```
